dbaradio.
matthew your voice blows head off.
bloody gorgeous.
dance.
run girl run.
good songs for bad moments.
resistance.
Freddie Bellamy.
Unrequited Love.
midnight sun.
amazing lyrics.
heavy metal.
love to death.
alt.
progresive rock.
hardcore.
classic rock.
alternative rock.
hermoso.
Voice.
new moon.
wolstensong.
religion.
I love this song.
Incredible.
transitpathos.
glam rock.
progressiv rock.
favorite songs.
The British are coming.
spoken word.
fucking amazing.
return of the musicians.
music that gets me my dick hard.
Kloron - Top 555 van 2010.
songs of 2009.
Night Driving.
my music.
piano rock.
british indie.
songs of 2006.
perfect to listen to while leaving the planet.
seen live.
justdontgiveafuck.
kick ass.
great guitar riffs.
overrated as fuck.
pure energy.
2013 single.
cool.
as if I was in the wonderland.
great Muse.
a song for lovers.
magic.
CAN NOT GET IT OUT OF MY HEAD.
beautiful sound.
my bigger acoustic playlist.
Dementia.
best songs ever.
Angah k Saye Tajavoz rohi Bar Man Daman Goshade Ast.
fav.
makes me cry.
the most amazing thing ever.
epic proportions of awesome.
przechuj.
The 2nd law.
song i have to hear live.
guitar hero world tour.
My Favorites.
glorious british accent.
Yuyuwtwu.
Wonderful songs.
revolution.
opera rock.
i fucking hope this grows on me because i love muse too much to not like a possible new album.
Neo-prog.
dream rock.
past.
Insanity.
muse-starlight.
i fucking love this vocal.
music for my soul.
od pierwszego wejrzenia.
ro-ro-ro.
10s.
alltime fave songs.
guitar hero III.
Rock on.
Guitar Riffs.
90s.
Bloody great.
cool bass line.
Energetic.
indie rock.
Muse - Space Dementia.
anthem.
orchestra.
sex with guitar.
i did feel good after this.
Delight.
Masterpiece.
british rock.
post-rock.
flowing.
skoczne.
Muse- Maadness.
Funk Rock.
layers.
melancholy.
its ridiculous how good this is.
295ooo.
french.
reminds me of muse - new born.
total napierdol.
true lyrics.
beginning of this song reminds me on the beginning of some other song.
cult.
sexy.
trip-hop.
Cool Rockin Stuff.
progrock.
melancholic.
bands i have known about years before anyone else did.
great.
fucking massiv great voice ofSteel.
apocalypse please.
best of album.
versiones.
brilliant.
6 of 10 stars.
Queen.
Twilight soundtrack.
00s rock.
bow.
i dont know why but i fuckin love this song.
acordes geniales.
beautifully bitter.
Rede globo.
forever stuck on repeat.
fucking sucks.
weird.
that first week of dark mornings that feels magical before we start complaining.
nktslst.
strip-tease.
Brostep.
just true feelings.
lovely songs.
top artists.
Amazing songs.
2000s.
perfect drums.
Beautiful Song.
wooooo.
best shit existing makes me wanna stick my hand in the deep frier screaming LEAVE BRITNEY ALONE.
brit pop.
Virtuoso.
listened.
faustian bargains.
absolution.
davaho53.
Europe.
feel good.
catchy.
super.
angry.
amayzes loved.
00s alternative.
intense.
live.
crush.
calm.
typo.
recommend.
So Hamnumtere :p.
bliss.
2000s rock.
swagger.
Favourite Songs.
chillout.
INSAAANE.
2012 single.
catchy like drug-resistant tuberculosis.
bombastic.
relax.
to sing aloud.
save me.
background music.
instrumental.
transitmelancholie.
fenomenal.
music to listen to in the dark.
baby.
longing.
eargasmic.
pretty fucking awesome.
bondlike.
Music to relax by.
Crybs symphony.
melancholy melodies.
animals.
songs that make you shit your pants in a good way.
problematique.
1999.
catchy as hell.
I feel depressed.
strangely beautiful.
soul.
The most epicly epic epicness.
fucking sweet ass songs.
huge.
hullabaloo.
i have a serious crush.
angsty.
indie pop.
addictive.
beautiful.
Love this song.
crazy.
loca.
blackout.
you ve just had a heavy session of electro shock therapy and you are more relaxed than you ve been in weeks all these childhood traumas magically wiped away along with most of your personality.
i get even more floccinaucinihilipilificated by this song.
desktop rocker.
indie.
cosmic.
songs i can play.
zajebioza.
warms my heart.
songs i wish were written for me.
Alterna.
new songs.
wak inggg.
about her.
trumpet.
the greatest song i have ever heard.
JUZ KOCHAM.
Killer riff.
makes me wanna punch people for fun.
freddie mercury ligou.
4stars.
kabaczki.
90s Rock.
bassline.
muse loving.
black holes and revelations.
la sube.
1.
4 Stars.
amazing.
Dreamy.
exactly what it says on the tin.
Miodzio.
songs that move me.
operatic.
I WANT TO FUCK THIS SONG.
conspiracy.
shut up and listen.
punk rock.
Brilliant Cover.
Uplifting.
alternative dance.
at ease.
uprising.
snl.
homoerotica.
brit alternative rock.
amazing Matt.
bawl.
newlist1.
Still Better than radiohead.
power of the riff.
the best.
electronica influences.
songs that make you feel better.
psychedelic.
on re-re-repeat.
strange days.
assassin.
the desperate kingdom of love.
Anthemic.
chillen.
alternative metal.
love song.
matt bellamy is the epitome of amazing.
Eletronic Rock.
2010s rock.
Psychedelic Rock.
falling away with you.
and i shall love them endlessly.
awesome riff.
muse set the bar higher.
cute.
world war z.
Must be played loudly.
space station.
ro-rock.
could easily be a britney spears song.
like it a lot.
kivat.
epic fail.
makes the heart beat a little faster.
songs I want to fuck.
Supernatural.
stimulating.
over the top.
All-time favourites.
close your eyes and listen.
2ndlaw.
electonic.
trouble with love.
a lullaby to cause nightmares.
perfect.
spotify.
style.
satya.
interesting.
female and male vocalists.
guitar-driven.
nostalgia.
ekstremalny nakurw i ogolny rozpierdol.
songs ive obsessed over.
Legendary.
my babies.
good shit.
epic Epic EPIC.
cosmotracks.
aliens.
2013.
2012.
heart-breakingly beautiful.
Hard.
songs to fall in love to.
good.
MUSE - Sunburn.
effortlessly cool.
ro-top.
probably contains an addictive substance like crack.
songs i never get sick of.
space rock.
cover.
My favourite bands.
glorious futurism.
touching.
aitchchill.
citizen erased.
Favourites.
soothing.
twilight.
5 Stars.
emotion.
could listen to non-stop.
mystery.
Bittersweet.
for the wounded souls.
London 2012 Olympics Games.
od facetow.
depresja jesienno-zimowa.
Another one bites the dust.
turn it up.
strange feeling.
semi-erotic.
Music To Game To.
songs that make me cry.
stockholm.
rock.
acoustic.
you could do it better.
european.
not space rock.
aawwww yeeeaaaahhhh.
heavy.
exo-politics.
space dementia.
england.
would like to see live.
brunch.
energy.
n-a.
yeah.
LOVE LOVE LOVE.
Totally fucking awesome track.
climatic.
falsetto.
wake up.
blues.
lucy soul.
hysteria.
Britrock.
brilliant riff.
I could listen to this song forever.
ro-sad.
space.
electronica.
great cover.
electronic rock.
personal favourites.
zetas.
Muse.
zbyt epickie.
songs i want to listen to again.
greatest lyrics.
cranked up with the windows down.
best of 2nd law.
Hell Yeah.
heavenly.
beautiful piano.
CZYSTY OKULTYZM.
the real.
seen live 2010.
play it loud.
silent inanity.
the best track of this album.
bass.
these guys are good.
sad but beautiful.
godly.
fucking love this.
ascending.
more than love.
alex.
sing-along.
copycats.
rebel.
great vocals.
pop rock.
explorers.
tags.
Chris Wolstenholme.
Muse - Thoughts of a Dying Atheist.
mmm mmm good.
radio europe.
alternative pop/rock.
Unnatural Selection.
punk.
british.
cro.
Soundtrack Of My Life.
funky.
fucking beautiful song.
recos.
Good Stuff.
mk ultra.
apocalypse.
loud.
childhood.
men should not be able to sing this high.
floccinaucinihilpilification.
looooooooooooooooooooooooove this song.
Very Good.
industrial.
nighttime listening.
keep the flow.
powerful.
Worst Song Ever.
Orgasmic.
ridiculously awesomely good.
soaring.
One grey morning in the office.
fast.
delicious.
favorite songs of all time to play on repeat over and over again.
hard rock.
electronic.
sunburn.
funk metal.
the small print.
Songs I Would Kill To Hear Again.
sing along.
Eat Your Own Ears.
low chords.
UK progressive hard rock.
karim ma raka prostaty.
masakrycznie zajebiste.
interlude.
the best track on earth.
muse-ic.
british indie rock.
learn this guitar riff.
GENIUSZ.
addicting.
neo-classical rock.
just to spit it in your face.
wrif-fm.
male lead singers with sexy voices.
Sentimental.
so fucking beautiful.
take me now fUCKING SONG.
Empowering.
Best Band EVER.
great riff.
singsing.
soul tearing.
animada.
Muse - Starlight.
I Like It.
better than radiohead.
new born.
western.
NOT MUSE.
moody brit-pop.
Makes Me Smile.
Bandas que amo.
leapsandloved.
relevant magazine.
Filipp Bedrosovich Kirkorov.
loved.
Experimental Rock.
kocham.
Love.
Classical.
best track on earth.
mk-ultra.
seriously great song.
christopher wolstenholme.
glamtastic.
vocal.
so catchy it should be outlawed.
Supremacy.
Watchmen.
lyrical brilliance.
Muse SuperMassive Black Hole.
design.
songs that i love.
I love this song so much it hurts.
volume up.
melodic.
lullaby.
fight the power.
altermondialiste.
apokalipsa.
good cover.
rockstep.
alongside.
shamelessly on repeat.
i get floccinaucinihilipilificated by this song.
guitar licks.
music choice: alternative.
Muse - Falling Away With You.
muscle museum.
late night.
depressive.
songs that moved life one degree towards inspiring idiocy of love and the painful truth that life is hell.
britpop.
wunderbare melancholie.
aitchknight.
dominic howard.
angie and dave.
tranca.
best of 2012.
art rock.
klasse.
Perfection.
quanta records.
worthy of worship.
like the cloud.
hymn.
intoxicating harmonies.
zajebistosc poteguje w niebiosa.
muse-madness.
best ever.
bike songs.
chart.
justify my reasons with your blood.
Appetite For Destruction.
butterflies in my stomach.
electropop.
cool bass.
micro.
The.
Disco.
best album track.
depressing.
muse Sing for absolution.
electro rock.
that thing called love.
2 of 10 stars.
Top Gear.
sing for absolution.
angst.
exo.
finger snapping.
metal.
angry love.
pozytywizm.
great drums.
single tracks.
Aaaaliens.
fossa.
pretty.
physics.
new prog.
play in full volume.
favourite artists.
na na na.
novelas da globo.
hyper.
arena rock.
soundtracks i love.
nina simone cover.
dba.
Love love lovesongs.
Stephenie Meyer Twilight Series Playlist.
love songs.
death and dying.
who cares about the genre i love it.
spacey.
Best song on the album.
enviromental.
songs I absolutely love.
Officially Shit.
queer as folk.
inspiring.
slow.
dance rock.
rock n roll.
End of the world.
Muse - Sing for Absolution.
2013 memories.
really good songs.
like a vinyl hit from the war years.
Awake.
i fucking love this song.
artists beginning with m.
a Spanish flavour.
my favourite muse songs.
i could listen to this forever.
piano.
ohmyfuckinggod I LOVE THIS SONG.
I will be singing.
weirdly good.
Explosions.
matthew bellamy.
I love matthew bellamy.
american.
hit.
best song ever.
Progressive.
beat.
jazz.
Favorite.
Symphonic Rock.
present participle.
fuers autofahren.
i feel so good when i listen to muse.
wanna scream.
FUCKING AWESOME.
singer-songwriter.
poweful.
britsh.
like nothing else.
sassy.
Guitar Hero 3.
czHit.
Dedicated.
why is this song so amazing.
organ.
Muse - Blackout.
cimx-fm.
aitchepic.
emo.
5/4.
love the lyrics.
morning.
this song always hugs me.
3 stars.
silent intensity.
Oi Oi Oi.
baroque.
handclaps.
damn i like this too much.
great song.
REVOLUTIONARY.
Teh Amazing Sauce.
Driving.
frustration.
Songs that totaly rule.
iraq war.
plug in baby.
humans.
light.
sex.
Effing Awesome.
new wave.
sing yer wee heart out.
Music to have sex to.
i want fuck you.
catchy as fuck.
luminous.
Favorite guitar solos.
Undisclosed desires.
best.
fucking beautiful.
makes you wait for it.
alternative pop.
Grunge.
want to see live.
music for my funeral.
Sweet melody.
things i wish i could say.
wow.
09.
Fucking masterpiece.
sadness.
greatest of the greatest.
chuggy chords.
colours.
genius.
more-than-six-minutes.
olympics.
alternativa.
fucksshzAAAfghh yeah.
ro-emo.
good beat.
Mellow.
amazing vocals.
amazing solo.
ALTERNATIVE ROCK MUSE GUIDING LIGHT.
man I love this song.
muse invincible.
so fucking good.
guitar.
supermassive black hole.
death.
makelove.
iloveyousong.
songs that got me into the band.
quiet intensity.
i am in love with this song.
jakie to kurwa dobre.
gave me chills.
radioultra.
2002.
three quarters.
Addicted to.
interessant.
tremolo.
Eargasm.
musestep.
s.
UltraNew.
Progressive metal.
aitchsonic.
HELL YEAH THIS KICKS ASS.
face melting space rock.
makes me feel happy.
makes me sing.
experimental.
one of the best songs in existence.
madness.
shit only a retard would listen to.
drunk.
sweet.
unintended.
pop.
likeable.
Channel X.
can i love it twice.
i love this stuff.
screamo.
walking the streets at night with your headphones on.
synth rock.
what is rock exactly and does it matter.
showbiz.
best song MUSE.
Powerballad.
friendsofthekingofrummelpop.
bitter.
dub.
political.
sonic rock.
absolutely mind blowing.
Antiwar.
chill out.
macesad.
aitchawake.
synth.
upbeat.
Muse - Unintended.
feelgood.
bullshit.
kocham i sie podniecam.
9 of 10 stars.
the heart is a lonely hunter.
makes me want to move my feet.
beloved.
relaxing.
Future Love.
orchestral.
government.
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.
just brilliance.
whenever i hear this song i feel like i could do anything.
soft rock.
dramatic.
worst of 2009alternative.
deep.
symphonic dubstep.
weselna awangarda.
sad.
funk.
chill.
Alternate Rock.
Origin of Symmetry.
atmospheric.
bibibi.
kickass.
never gets old.
interesting-chord-progression.
muse - micro cuts.
whineybritishpeople-reprise.
pretentious.
My FAV Music.
male vocalist.
dubstep.
sangue bom.
Earphoria.
really unsustainable.
fall from grace.
fun.
Guitar Hero.
something even God - if I would belive in him - would approve.
ultra.
london.
Mind blowing.
ro-angry.
everything I am.
<3.
majotag.
map of the problematique.
shut the fuck up and listen at night.
Makes me dance.
00s.
Music to listen to high.
amazing voice.
ambient.
like radiohead.
perfect is not enough.
radio paradise.
unconscionably good.
Alternative  Punk.
new to my ears in october 2012.
Hope.
groove based composition.
pomp rock.
starlight.
bang your head on the walls and scream histerically.
awesome voice.
favorite tracks.
songs that i will still be listening to in a billion years.
seen live 2009.
synthpop.
top 100 songs of my 2012.
matthew.
top-300.
pwoper song.
80s.
party.
aitch.
songs i would like to perform if i was a musician.
forgiveness.
future nostalgia.
10 of 10 stars.
mother tearing rock.
dancing on my own.
flashforward.
worst track ever.
illusartion.
weird sounds that i like.
mindblowing.
loved on lastfm.
too good.
you have to be deaf if you dont like this song.
Muse 17th Oct 2007.
brooding.
007.
00s alternative rock.
favorites.
Fantabulous.
haunting.
Potente.
seen live ha-ha-ha.
hate this.
na smuta.
stimmt bestimmt.
Panic Station.
awesomeness.
best of 2009.
great lyrics.
i love this.
machine tools.
best of 2006.
eyes closed.
matt is fucking nuts.
synth pop.
riff.
english.
heavy metal riff.
Muse - Assassin.
muscle.
Progressive rock.
ILoveThis.
bestsongs.
kinky.
songs to hear before you die.
Faves.
Massari.
zmiel pierogi.
power pop.
Favourite bands.
songs that make me move.
this is the end of the world.
best of muse.
alternative.
DUPSTEB.
Kill Yourself.
spaghetti western.
british pop.
new age.
cydonia.
that makes you wanna go and try to change your life to a better.
amazing piano solos.
sound orgasm.
4 of 10 stars.
whineybritishpeople.
under 2 minutes long.
Liquid State.
playing loud.
easy listening.
Soundtrack.
songs that you wanna listen to over and over again.
i cant believe how fucking long this tag name is besides its an amazing tag cause its got Muse in it.
easy.
british alternative rock.
chill music.
Endlessly.
Beloved tracks.
rocking out.
oh its a lady.
love at first listen.
alternative alternative rock.
hand claps.
21st century.
your song.
rnb.
survival.
unskippable.
Follow Me.
shit only a fag would listen to.
dark.
Aural Orgasm.
5 of 10 stars.
the resistance.
unique.
symphonic metal.
ro-party.
dreams.
moody.
Tears Falling Down.
trip rock.
Great Lyricists.
kopniak energii.
very diverse sounds that blend wonderfully together.
profound.
songs I fucking love to death.
Ballad.
cheese on toast.
Brit-pop.
pure sex.
Awesome Guitar Jams.
overrated.
awesome piano.
just brilliant.
soft.
dark alternative.
teh secks.
should check out.
awesome bass.
i wish i could make a video for this.
7 of 10 stars.
Breathtaking.
great bassline.
majestic.
mybreakfast.
rage.
Muse - Hyper Music.
music with an orgasm.
Orchestral EDM.
radiohead.
british alternative.
great voice.
2010s.
Awesome Rock Tune.
absolutely hilarious.
stuff I should be able to inject directly into my blood.
Muse- The 2nd law.
past and present loved songs.
modern rock.
contemporary classical.
memories.
dadagi-loved.
female vocalists.
one of the greatest songs ever.
everything.
setting my soul alight.
prog.
2 stars.
bleeding.
epic.
entire album is good.
imagical.
apocalyptic.
run.
Muse - Hysteria.
worst of 2009.
depechemode-like.
epic riffage.
Matt Bellamy.
jazzy.
disco rock.
drums.
lyrics.
downtempo.
supermassive.
the best of muse.
Knights of Cydonia.
Indie Rock Pop.
ViolenciA.
prog rock.
of.
ALTERNATIVE ROCK MUSE MK ULTRA.
best songs of 2009.
amazeballs.
Sezavare Setayeshe Zir Nafi.
God why.
UK.
essential for living.
undoubtedly one of my faves ever.
Stockholm Syndrome.
bbc radio1 playlist 2012.
almost instrumental.
distorted guitar.
2012 albums.
mega pozytywne.
Favorite Artists.
Depeche Mode.
Love it.
male vocalists.
songs you must sing along with.
emotive.
www.
british invasion.
Teignmouth.
Plan to buy.
love hearts.
feeling good.
one of the best group on earth.
sound to break the silence.
2010s pop.
heart breaking.
makes me happy.
1984.
fuck yeah.
Awesome rock.
macdf.
muse - new born.
i came buckets.
i know all the words to this.
Awesome.
what can i do i like them.
Sun Stoner.
Guitar Solo.
ja jebie.
Ro-music.
absolutely wonderful.
study music.
MOONH8SUN.
uni discoveries.
music.
war.
Rogue Stereo.
happy.
mio preferito.
songs who remind me of someone.
gonna marry his voice.
let us dance until we die to this song.
regen.
best song titles.
i love this fucking song.
veve.
listened to this ironically.
peaceful.
baixo.
dbarock.
atheist.
Hyper Music.
guiding.
I want to replay it all the time.
Best Muse.
indierock.
must be played at full volume.
groovy.
Bellamy.
lovely.
romantic.
brit rock.
absolutely genius.
invincible.
mustep.
smooth.
excellent lyrics.
Brit.
zajebiste i huj.
nina simone.
rock ballad.
to be played at my funeral.
aaawwweeesssooommmeee.
Favorite songs ever.
emotional.
disco-rock.
coolest songs ever.
tasty riff.
Favorite Bands.
not epic.
blingtacular.
MaP.
penetrating.
Feelgood tracks.
classic.
Dancing in my underwear.
abstract.
favourite lyrics.
shout out.
covers.
someone tell me that tunes not from doctor who.
time is running out.
kickass opener.
guitar riffs and solos.
radioparadise.
kick ass song.
transitglambat.
faza-zajebiaza.
love at first sound.
upbeat tune downbeat lyrics.
guitar riff.
beautiful music.
insane.
gives me shivers.
freaking awesome.
rockin.
i had to change my pants after this song.
space western.
fucking cool.
other.
sad day.
sick.
test.
Make Me Happy.
Prelude.
alt. rock.
nice.
do us all a favor.
music for people with superior taste in music.
britannique.
Like.
Big Freeze.
favourite.
space opera.
epic rock.
matt.
devon.
mrrrr.
cool as hell.
songs that I am obsessed with.
chris.
angiedave.
aitchinternational.
friends.
romance.
alt rock.
8 of 10 stars.
Flamenco.
the good.
Win.
UK top 40.
loved on first listen.
subtle use of acoustic piano.
strings.
atheism.
2003.
moj mozg nie ogarnia wspanialosci tej piosenki.
2001.
2006.
muse - bliss.
zajebiste.
time.
2009.
clap-clap clap your hands.
danceable rock